specify root password (#1136)
centreon/centreon-documentation: en/installation/web-and-post-installation.md

![image](../assets/installation/acentreoncheckmodules.png)

Define paths used by monitoring engine. We recommend to use defaults.

Then click on **Next**.

![image](../assets/installation/amonitoringengine2.png)

Define paths used by broker module. We recommend to use defaults.

Then click on **Next**.

![image](../assets/installation/abrokerinfo2.png)

Define the information needed for the admin account creation.

Then click on **Next**.

![image](../assets/installation/aadmininfo.png)

Provide the information needed to connect to the database instance.

By default, the instance address is set to *localhost*, the instance root

> user is set to *root* and the root password is empty. Since MariaDB 10.5, it has been mandatory to add a password for the root user as indicated in [Secure the DBMS installation](../administration/secure-platform.html#securing-the-installation-of-the-dbms) and the various installation methods. The password configured in the mysql_secure_installation method will be used for the root password. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user is set to *root* and the root password is empty. Since MariaDB 10.5, it has been mandatory to add a password for the root user.  The **Root password** of the database is the password you have defined when executing `mysql_secure_installation` (whether you have installed Centreon from the [ISO](installation-of-a-central-server/using-centreon-iso.html#secure-the-database), from [packages](installation-of-a-central-server/using-packages.html#secure-the-database) or from [sources](installation-of-a-central-server/using-sources.html#secure-the-database)).
```

> user is set to *root* and the root password is empty. Since MariaDB 10.5, it has been mandatory to add a password for the root user as indicated in [Secure the DBMS installation] (../administration/secure-platform.html#securing-the-installation-of-the-dbms) and the various installation methods. The password configured in the mysql_secure_installation method will be used for the root password. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user is set to *root* and the root password is empty. Since MariaDB 10.5, it has been mandatory to add a password for the root user as indicated in [Secure the DBMS installation](../administration/secure-platform.html#securing-the-installation-of-the-dbms) and the various installation methods. The password configured in the mysql_secure_installation method will be used for the root password. 
```
